oh man that's terrible baby may I send
my condolences shadow oh fuck out the
way so pretty buddy give me some room
give me some room got to email yeah we
got a buff spitted read to you Tyler
this email Kevin come on man it's a dead
leg off of me
why it's my husband having a hard time
pleasing me ain't doing that him he got
that double pump barrier mm-hmm he just
doing it let's get some skin back action
he doing them in and out span it we're
ordinary shit
he's got hmm when they get when he get
real good he go mmm he get it down three
pups three pumps one stroke baby
okay I'm 31 years old huh get three pump
messes yeah
don't nobody know about this now
everybody knows but not copyright dish
they've got a trademark on it
just three pump myth mm-hmm look dan
would you get it down pat bag you get
let me lose account man mmm I'm 31 years
old now was celibate for a few years
before marriage married four months ago
she's got that in quotation marks I mean
in parentheses how long was she celibate
for a few years
damn it's a long time she touches self
at least yeah that's what she said and I
would touch myself off you got to man
you go celibate two years but yet it you
gotta relieve that tension cuz you ain't
got some fool
doing the full pop method on your ass
yeah dad that I'm married ding just
leaving the nuts hanging out of teen you
know that look that that I'm married my
husband tries his best it pleases me to
the point of me feeling extreme pleasure
but I won't have an orgasm oh man that's
the whole point of sex yeah is then over
gasping yes like eating sir with no milk
that's like eating a peanut butter
sandwich no jelly that's like eating a
steak with no potato you know I'm saying
what else feels good enough to me
you know I think oh I don't know just
like eating fried rabbit man with no
damn bug look biscuits and no damn
rabbit gravy man
look here man just a damn waste however
was a high of Anu however as soon as I
touch myself work while he's still down
I have an orgasm in like two minutes
what is he looking at was she doing a
sit and shit secretively know why he
still asked me she said she didn't he
just write down look at him and she's
just busting all over clay huh look he's
doing it 30 to 45 minutes of trying to
get me the horn guys baby sweating his
ass off too out of breath in his fat
burning zone no gases fuck it it
collects you know on me look it of
course is all right but I only came two
times
what did one session know with them in
total - 10 2 times they've been together
for four years I did married four months
ago so I mean I'm sure they've been
together quite long in the neck so oh
man you should have no but your buddies
do babe
nobody was all about for you in Birdman
look also this is what sex is like every
time it's frustrating because we always
end up end up with me touching myself
he's he's also lost faith
he's it fucking her he's also lost faith
in pleasing me because he knows that
it's going to take a long time for
nothing fuck you don't madman toddy shit
yeah man fuck out like that playing with
toys for an hour take it you fucking all
gasp Did you touch yourself for two
minutes you fuckin coming all over the
place
I'm surprised you've said fuck you you
ain't doing renamed Oh bitch
look um look he's he's he's going to
take a lot of time for nothing come on
man baby sure tested this issue
last night I was constant to point of
climax but it was stuck like three times
he tried but nothing did not start it on
myself and boom I don't know what to do
Jasmine from Texas she knows you do you
need leave it at what she need to know
she's just pack your bags go when he
goes work go grab oh oh shit haven't
planted everything have your damn
suitcases right buddy going soon as that
food this is dough man you gone man just
leave a note on the TV
yeah but for the shit ain't working out
you fucking can
you're fucking frustrating the fuck out
of me and bedroom am going crazy I have
found some more tip in my life you know
busting some lines me kinds of ovaries
man you know what it sounds like what
kind of girl she is she's one of those
girls that needed that clicked or
stimulation during sex every all of that
yeah you you were knows females you want
those pretty young things no matter how
deep you go man
or how you do it yeah it's all about the
cuz the clitoral stimulation so telling
us the rub on at Wally's yeah
mm yeah we'll never solve do it for one
man I get wound up no wrong like this
fucking it up man
go ahead Merce Brothers should be hard
right mm right
Oh like that
Oh
lead it nuts hanging out right different
bail then the next to be slow and passed
it didn't last one be valid oh please
nuts hang up just like you that's what
your problem is oh it sounds like it to
me
come on do you see it just happen rub on
it why he's doing it man so like you
need some more clitoral stimulation yeah
he's doing something totally wrong but I
think that's what the issue is
you were those clip women man but
another thing man we could be wrong on
this right maybe if you had another man
it made you bust all kinds of Ohrid
juices shit witness witness mushroom tip
before and he's just can't do it then
you gotta teach him do you want teaching
man you you want me just figure this
shit out on his own you gotta teach him
yeah you know what 50% of it's your
fault man you need to talk to him man he
sit down sit look to left motherfucker
going over to right
Hey look just like dogs twin tails man
till then you hit it hard
needed nets hanging out you gotta talk
to her man do that and anything should
work out yeah thanks work out me just
talk to him get some cooked or
stimulation and do the horse 24-port
meth